ENH: Harmonize CoordinateSystem details for MRI, MEG, EEG, iEEG (#717)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/99-appendices/08-coordinate-systems.md

Generally, across the MEG, EEG, and iEEG modalities, the first two pieces of
information for a coordinate system (origin and orientation) are specified in
`<CoordSysType>CoordinateSystem`.
The third piece of information for a coordinate system (units) are specified in
`<CoordSysType>CoordinateUnits`.
Here, `<CoordSysType>` can be one of of the following,

> depending on the data that is supposed to be codumented:

Reviewer: Should this say documented instead of codumented?

Author: yes, thank you

```suggestion
depending on the data that is supposed to be documented:
```

-   `MEG`
-   `EEG`
-   `iEEG`
-   `Fiducials`
-   `AnatomicalLandmark`
-   `HeadCoil`
-   `DigitizedHeadPoints`

Allowed values for the `<CoordSysType>CoordinateSystem` field come from a list of
restricted keywords, as listed in the sections below.

Note that `Fiducials`, `AnatomicalLandmark`, `HeadCoil`, and `DigitizedHeadPoints`

> `CoordSysTypes` share the restricted keywords with the data modality they are shared with.

Reviewer 2: This probably doesn't matter, but just in case it _could_ be a source of confusion...

```suggestion
`CoordSysType`s share the restricted keywords with the data modality they are shared with.
```
